use dummy host (#396)
puzzle/prometheus-training: content/en/docs/03/labs/31_baloise_alertmanager-tasks.md

amtool alert add --alertmanager.url=http://localhost:9093 env=dev severity=critical
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> Alerts with the label `severity=critical` will generate a mail in the defined `responsible` mail address in the teams [root configuration](https://bitbucket.balgroupit.com/projects/OSDPL/repos/apps-global-config/browse) and send the alert as a message in the defined Teams channel (if enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts with the label `severity=critical` will send a mail to the defined `responsible` mail address in the teams [root configuration](https://bitbucket.balgroupit.com/projects/OSDPL/repos/apps-global-config/browse) and post the alert as a message in the defined Teams channel (if enabled).
```
